If we have our WebSocket server and
it works, and
you make sure that your cache
if you've messed something up,
you can do Ctrl+Shift+R and
that will tell your browser to just
yeah, usually sometimes,
unless it doesn't, it'll work.
So, here I've got the example.
If I type something like hello,
I get back the result,
uppercase in the browser, hooray.
Great, so we're doing, We're
using streams from Node.js land
in the browser, fantastic.
If we wanna do streams in
Node.js with a WebSocket client,
we can also do that using the same API.
So if I take this little snippet, and I
run it in the browser, then it should take
my standard in, pipe it to the WebSocket
server and pipe it back out again.
So I'm gonna make a little WebSocket,
command line client.
I'll call it nclient, whatever.
So there we are,
that should all work, hooray.
It's pretty nice I think to be able
to use more or less exactly the same
interface at least just to stand up the
connection in the browser and the node.